This is the daylightbasementstudio's website. It is generated by [hugo](https://gohugo.io/). It can be maintained just by updating Markdown files. The site is hosted through [git pages](https://pages.github.com/).

## Prereqs

### first time setup

0. when you first clone the repo, you have to pull submodules
  - `$ git submodule update --init --recursive`
0. install [hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/)
  - for mac/linux, its a very easy install
  - for windows, its probably just easier to install the .exe and just run it from cmd line whenever you need it.

## Updating

### Adding/updating content

0. to add new content, `$ hugo new content/folder/my-post.md`
   - this will add a new markdown page in draft mode -- Meaning hugo will not publish this page when built.
0. if needed, update the `config.toml` to add pages to the navbar

### Editing style or html pages

0. navigate to: `themes/beautifulhugo` to update our theme.
   - `static/` folder contains fonts, css, and js.
   - `layouts/` folder contains html templates with GO/html templating
0. `themes/beautifulhugo` is a git submodule, so make sure to add/commit any changes to the submodule

### View changes locally

0. to view the content locally, run `$ hugo server -D` and access it at the localhost location in terminal. `-D` indicates to hugo to serve draft pages.

## Deploying

0. remove draft from production ready documents
0. build hugo
  - `$ hugo -D`
  - this updates the files in `/docs` which git pages will serve out of
0. check into master